Practical 1 Week 1
What is code repository? 
 Large amount is code for software is kept on web hosting facility also it is a file archive. These are mostly used as open sources.
Why is it advantageous to us? 
This can be a befit to us as you can get many open sources not only that you are able to instruct a computer to perform a particular task for you.
Describe the different layers of software?  
•	Hardware – Files and software are all stored on to the hardware
•	BIOS – Basic Input/output Layer represents a firmware code which is mainly stored on ERROM, Flash drive or PROM which is run when a computer is switched on.
•	Operating system - OS stands for an operating system and a OS is a software which manages a computer sharing resources and allows users to access resources with a interface.
•	Software – Application are software which can be installed on to a computer such as media players or word processors.
•	Programming languages – Programming language is used by users to control a computer or even a machine.
Describe what algorithm is and why is a useful tool?
Algorithm is a sequence which has a set of instructions for calculation functions to an ending state. Algorithm is also like a set of rules for calculation and is can be used for problem solving. This can be useful to a user as you can organize numbers and category in your head like UWL1 to UWL5 however you wouldn’t be able to sort a list which has millions of numbers so algorithm list the numbers and category automatically. 
Write an algorithm that describes how to make a scrambled egg IF, WHEN, UNTILL, WHILE, WAIT, AND, OR?
Prepare the eggs AND crack 2 eggs
Mix well UNTILL texture are uniform throughout
IF pan right size then heat pat of butter
WHEN butter glides flick water to see the heat AND keep mixing the egg
Place egg in pan WHILE turning temperature low  
WAIT till the eggs are ready OR add additional items

Is the Idle (Python language shell) an interpreter or a complier or both?
The shell of IDLE allows one command at a time and the shell is interpreter when you create a file you able to multiple command programs which are being executed and complied. So this shows that it acts as both in a particular action.

 





